README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/datarobot-community/datarobot-agent-templates">
    <img src="docs/img/datarobot_logo.avif" width="600px" alt="DataRobot Logo"/>
  </a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">DataRobot Application Framework</h3>
<h1 align="center">af-component-agent</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://datarobot.com">Homepage</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://docs.datarobot.com/en/docs/agentic-ai/agentic-develop/index.html">Agent Documentation</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://docs.datarobot.com/en/docs/get-started/troubleshooting/general-help.html">Support</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/datarobot/datarobot-agent-templates/tags">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/datarobot/af-component-agent?label=version" alt="Latest Release">
  </a>
  <a href="/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/datarobot/af-component-agent" alt="License">
  </a>
</p>

The agent template provides a set of utilities for constructing a single or multi-agent workflow using frameworks such
as Nvidia NAT, CrewAI, LangGraph, LlamaIndex, and others. The template is designed to be flexible and extensible, allowing you
to create a wide range of agent-based applications.

The Agent Framework is component from the [DataRobot App Framework Studio](https://github.com/datarobot/app-framework-studio)


## Getting Started

To use this template, it expects the base component https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-base has already been
installed. To do that first, run:
```bash
uvx copier copy https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-base .
# uvx copier copy git@github.com:datarobot/af-component-base.git .
```

To add the agent component to your project, you can use the `uvx copier` command to copy the template from this repository:
```bash
uvx copier copy https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-agent .
# uvx copier copy git@github.com:datarobot/af-component-agent.git .
```

To update an existing agent template, you can use the `uvx copier update` command. This will update the template files
```bash
uvx copier update -a .datarobot/answers/agent-{ agent_app }.yml -A
```


## Developer Guide
Please see the [Development Documentation](/docs/development.md).


# Get help

If you encounter issues or have questions, try the following:

- Check [the documentation](#available-templates) for your chosen framework.
- [Contact DataRobot](https://docs.datarobot.com/en/docs/get-started/troubleshooting/general-help.html) for support.
- Open an issue on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-llm).

Commit message:

[Test coverage] Include in E2E test calling agent from the playground (#345)
* first

* nit

* nit

* nit

* nit

* nit

* polish

* polish

* polish

* pulumi home

* nit

* default prompt

* polish

* simplified dotenv reading

* refactor

* comments

* pulumi passphrase

* pulumi-datarobot bump and nit

* applied feedback

* simplify

* split to files

* fix retry

* simplify

* nit

* further

* nit

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/datarobot-community/datarobot-agent-templates">
    <img src="docs/img/datarobot_logo.avif" width="600px" alt="DataRobot Logo"/>
  </a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">DataRobot Application Framework</h3>
<h1 align="center">af-component-agent</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://datarobot.com">Homepage</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://docs.datarobot.com/en/docs/agentic-ai/agentic-develop/index.html">Agent Documentation</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://docs.datarobot.com/en/docs/get-started/troubleshooting/general-help.html">Support</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/datarobot/datarobot-agent-templates/tags">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/datarobot/af-component-agent?label=version" alt="Latest Release">
  </a>
  <a href="/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/datarobot/af-component-agent" alt="License">
  </a>
</p>

The agent template provides a set of utilities for constructing a single or multi-agent workflow using frameworks such
as Nvidia NAT, CrewAI, LangGraph, LlamaIndex, and others. The template is designed to be flexible and extensible, allowing you
to create a wide range of agent-based applications.

The Agent Framework is component from the [DataRobot App Framework Studio](https://github.com/datarobot/app-framework-studio)


## Getting Started

To use this template, it expects the base component https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-base has already been
installed. To do that first, run:
```bash
uvx copier copy https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-base .
# uvx copier copy git@github.com:datarobot/af-component-base.git .
```

To add the agent component to your project, you can use the `uvx copier` command to copy the template from this repository:
```bash
uvx copier copy https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-agent .
# uvx copier copy git@github.com:datarobot/af-component-agent.git .
```

To update an existing agent template, you can use the `uvx copier update` command. This will update the template files
```bash
uvx copier update -a .datarobot/answers/agent-{ agent_app }.yml -A
```


## Developer Guide
Please see the [Development Documentation](/docs/development.md).

## Full deployment E2E (Playground Codespaces)

This repo includes an **optional** end-to-end test that exercises a full lifecycle:
**render → build → deploy → test → destroy**.

- **Prereqs**: set `DATAROBOT_ENDPOINT` and `DATAROBOT_API_TOKEN` either:
  - as environment variables in your Codespace, **or**
  - in a local `af-component-agent/.env` file.
- **Run**:

```bash
task test-e2e
```

Notes:
- By default the E2E test runs for **all agent frameworks** (base/crewai/langgraph/llamaindex/nat).
- To run a subset, set `E2E_AGENT_FRAMEWORKS`, e.g. `E2E_AGENT_FRAMEWORKS=base,nat`.
- The test uses a local Pulumi backend and a unique stack name per run, then cleans up.


# Get help

If you encounter issues or have questions, try the following:

- Check [the documentation](#available-templates) for your chosen framework.
- [Contact DataRobot](https://docs.datarobot.com/en/docs/get-started/troubleshooting/general-help.html) for support.
- Open an issue on the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/datarobot/af-component-llm).
